hey everybody Shawn McInnes here and now
it is daily demo time we're going to
have a look at transformers war for
cybertron i'm currently joined by matt
teacher from high moon studios Matt how
you doing great I'm doing great I'm glad
to have you join us so Matt you guys are
working on the first transformers game
in a number of years that's not tied to
a movie how is it how are you guys
taking advantage of it actually it's
been fantastic for us because we're
going to get to go to Cybertron
homeworld of the Transformers and we
because we were focused on purely the
gameplay side of things we haven't had
to kind of sync up with any other
materials it's proven to be very
liberating for us making the game cool
well we've got it booted up right here
let's let's take a look at the gameplay
right now alright so set the foundation
for us what are we seeing right here so
what we're seeing right now is aya con
this is the home city of the Autobots
and we were really excited to create
this environment because hazards never
really let anyone go to Cybertron in
this this full detail this is 3d
realization and that's even extended to
how we redesign the characters because
remember they've never been to earth in
our story our story is a prequel to
anything you've seen in the movies or it
really a prequel to the cartoons from
1984 sure so full redesign all the
characters brand new and original and
one things that I'm very excited about
in the game is a three player co-op game
at all times so you can play with two AI
buddies but you can also be playing with
two real friends mhm drop in drop out
co-op so the story that's happening
right now is that there are two separate
campaigns autobot and decepticon and the
autobot campaign Optimus is not the guy
in charge in fact people just call him
Optimus not even the Optimus Prime that
we know from the movies okay so we're
going to follow his path as he goes
through defending Cybertron and
ultimately making some very tough
decisions and where we finished with him
is he realized that he is the prime he
is Optimus Prime the other thing that
I've been very excited about with this
project is that again as we're talking
about not being tied to a movie the core
foundation of this game is actually the
gameplay which we then layered
transformers on top of so if you played
third person shooters before the
controls are going to be real
comfortable to you right because we go
with the standards that
people know and are used to two weapons
that you can switch between anytime a
segmented health system fine aim all
that stuff that you're really used to
but then we layer the gameplay
strategies of transformation and cool
transformer based abilities on top of
that now you guys took some slight
artistic liberties with those character
designs I know Optimus he's not a
semi-truck he's a he's a hovercar in
here yeah so you know we originally
started with some much more eccentric
designs and what we realized is we had
to create a style and a look that made
sense with the property but also worked
for gameplay and so hover cars made a
lot more gameplay sense so that you can
use your boost mode and your hover mode
much more much faster and transform much
more frequently so we did take some
liberties but stayed within the
guardrails of what the Transformers
candidates we've got a pretty good look
at the at the game right there but you
guys also have boss battles engineer and
know we would be remiss if we didn't
show that so let's go ahead and load up
a boss sequence right now Matt what
exactly are we seeing here that looks
like a giant building right there well
it is actually it's it's a mega Supreme
right he is the biggest most badass
Autobot right is who we've been dealing
with for the whole level before this
right not just kind of one insular boss
battle but no bosses in this game are
huge and not just kind of in the story
but also physically very large right we
have got a big boss on the other side
too and so the boss battles are all
about kind of hammered on this big giant
dude he's destroying the world using my
abilities and often times you really
need to utilize your vehicle mode to
avoid damage or to do special things
within the level so that's your look at
the war for cybertron campaign obviously
co-op is a big part of that so
multiplayer is a big focus for you guys
but you also have competitive
multiplayer right yes you know we've
been pretty tight-lipped about what kind
of multiplayer we put together all we've
really said is that it's a big part of
what we've done and we're really excited
to now explain what that is and
multiplayer is a full-on competitive
multiplayer experience that includes
some things I think people are going to
customize your own transformers meaning
you can take a guy paint them up the way
that you want to there's multiple
chasity's that you can choose from you
can really own that character it's the
first time in any transformers game
uh-huh and then enough self I think
would be great right on top of that we
also have four character classes that
you level up and create builds in a
style that's similar call of duty so
you're making choices for each of your
classes based on what weapons you want
to take in what abilities with passive
abilities and what vehicle type you take
great work there last question I've got
for you is a transformers war for
cybertron which systems are you
development developing it for and when
do you expect it to be released 360 xbox
360 ps3 and the pc we're coming out this
summer right thank you very much Matt my
pleasure alright and that is your look
at transformers war for cybertron on
with the rest of the show